while everything is ready for the kick of
punishment there is pirlo in the field it
could beat tevez
from there attention
or an assist for bonucci polucci is
in the area but I guess it goes away
in fact maria leo doesn't want to beat
carlitos that aims to make 21 as the goal
last year he misses one
attention to carlitos and not
marks and travel from December 18 to
cagliari before the Christmas break one
two three four five men from Rome
in barrier
carlitos and puts it on the right if so much me
gives so much of the goalkeeper we see
everything is ready we are ready and vocal who
you are hot endured ready to jump
caution
21a quashed the entire door tevez
carlitos tevez puts it to the minute number
63 juve in advantage all under the
curve to advance peace si geronimo yes
sincere geronimo 1 to 0 the juve with
carlitos tevez had all the time
to extract his favorite arrow
the mortal one from the business to admire
stretch the bow and take the plunge
de santis helps with the ball in
goals per minute number 63
Juve in the lead at the Olympic stadium in Rome
for 1 to 0 de santis remains to watch
perfect punishment from tevez that
descends into the corner
I close nice
carlitos free kick that already
he had raised and carried out the punishment
in champions league against marble